so I recently watched this channel I
watched a couple videos in this channel
called based Zeus and the only reason
why I discover this channel is that it
has a few different videos with the word
vegan in the title I'm vegan my youtube
channels about veganism I talk with
Annabelle other vegans so I was
interested in that and this guy bass
loose most of his channel is offering
advice to young men I can't imagine it's
got that I think it's really clear I
think it's targeting virgins I think
it's targeting guys who've never had sex
at all just a couple of videos I saw
maybe there are some videos that are for
older more sophisticated audience I
don't know anyway and nothing wrong with
that no shade and somebody's got a
somebody's got to reach out to that
public for sure there must be younger
guys and the experienced guys that are
getting on YouTube wanting to find out
how to make their love life work and how
to communicate with women and these are
the kind of answers there they're
finding now I'm not offended but what be
sue says I'm not horrified by it I'm not
religious I'm not conservative it just
seems to me like absolutely terrible
advice and it makes me reflect on the
different men I've known personally who
lives by very different codes by very
different sets of rules who you know
pursued women in very different ways and
ended up with with very different fates
you know the word misogynist gets thrown
around a lot and most of the time it's
the wrong word to use I mean technically
a misogynist is a man who hates women
yep most of the time people use the word
what they really mean as a man who
claims women for their problems in a way
that's irrational around fair they don't
really mean hatred a lot of men put
themselves in a position where they're
affirming their own low expectations
again and again so write down what I
mean here a man who goes out and hits on
a hundred women in a weekend complete
strangers nothing in common no common as
naive as becoming Aires who's basically
going to bars full of ho bags and
hitting on ho bags as ho bags right no
common interests and not looking for
anything but a one-night stand okay
it's very easy for men who live that way
to start to affirm their perception of
the reality that all women are filling
the blank that all women are just
looking for fill in the blank that all
women just respond to throw in the blank
because they're living with with tunnel
vision they're focused on this one
method of meeting and interacting with
women and most of their time is being
spent on the minority within a minority
of women who are in that scenario to
begin with and who respond positively to
that man hitting on the black right so I
mean this is like a really small funny
example but we were walking down the
street the other day we're in the South
of France I know you guys can see my
inflatable inflatable dolphin in the
background where you're on the beach in
the South of France and there are guys
here rolling around in Lamborghinis and
Ferraris Porsches
expensive cars and I thought wow isn't
it funny how the world's changed there
was a time a few decades ago when a man
would meet a woman and maybe his
expensive car would be the first thing
she'd see about him the first thing
she'd know about and today all that's
been destroyed by the internet because I
think for most people meeting a partner
they would first of all maybe you know
them through work maybe you know the
thrill front of her maybe you know by
meeting in a coffee shop but for a lot
of us you learn something about that
person through YouTube Facebook Twitter
or what's the what's the job website
will you post your resume indeed Oh
indeed okay there are a bunch of
different you know what's it whatever it
is you know you know somebody through
their publications they've written
articles that you've really linked in I
was thinking but whatever you know them
through some kind of networking website
and then you get to or even if you met
them in person by chance at a party
after you met them you go home when you
google them and you learn more about
them maybe the initial meeting isn't
online but you follow up the way so like
these days of the natural flow of a
relationship it would be at Step five or
six that you have to see the guy's car
and then you're like what you do have a
Ferrari I didn't I didn't think you were
that kind of guy you know what I mean
like it just it wouldn't be that it
wouldn't be the first thing the first
thing leading in if you're you know
doing what beast Zeus is telling you to
do and you know basically doing walk ups
on whole bags where you got nothing in
common look in front of the in common
at the gym at the nightclub etc etc I'm
not gonna tell you what it won't work
you know it gets results but you got to
really think about what are those
results and the way in which you're
already excluding the possibility of
having a meaningful relationship
excluding the possibility of connecting
with a member of the opposite sex on the
basis of stuff you've really got in
common the formula Q sets out even if
you did have something in common with
this woman you wouldn't you wouldn't
know it and to me the most the most
mind-blowing thing cuz he's giving this
advice to younger men
I totally broad nonspecific base it's
not like my channel me talking to my
specialised audience you know it's a
different kind of advice any the main
thing he says getting against these guys
is just talk about whatever is on you
might just talk about whatever you find
interesting that's like so these guys
they're gonna roll up on a whole bag at
the at the gym and start talking about
minecraft start talking about Total War
six start talking about PlayStation Vita
the PlayStation Vita versus Nintendo NX
or whatever like really thinkable gonna
start talking about you know I don't
know baseball football whatever it's
absolutely terrible advice and that's I
mean this is making assumptions about
the audience that are reasonable to make
probably a lot of guys watching these
videos order stuff look but let's say
it's me what do you think let's say
there's a good-looking woman at the gym
you then gonna walk up to and be like
you know Laos is a small country but has
about 48 languages they're these ethnic
minorities in northern Laos and you know
a lot of them are in tribal groups but
it's fascinating because you know not
all tribal groups are indigenous and not
all indigenous groups are tribal so
there are some tribes that are migrated
from elsewhere and there's some
indigenous groups you don't live in
travel conditions and they have all
these different lengths
it's a really interesting area of
research random woman I'm approaching
just on the basis of her appearance at
the gym or at the nightclubs and that's
something interesting to me and don't
get me wrong that
absolutely can get me laid I think it
has gotten me laid you know the stuff
I'm interested in in terms of research
reading writing written articles about
but I'm gonna meet a woman who values
that about me because she's read my
article or she's seen me on YouTube
we've listed all these different things
or meet at a conference and that's
another big thing as soon as you've got
an area of specialized interest whether
it's you know lotion ethnic minority
linguistics or some kind of charity work
sure curie works a great way to meet
women doesn't even mapped as even matter
what kind of charity work it is you
could literally you know go out and hand
out bottles of whiskey to the homeless
and you know you'd meet other women
doing charity work and you know start
early you can hand out sacks of rice to
starving people you know I mean if
that's your interest you develop any
specialized you know interest like that
doesn't have to be research doesn't have
to be intellectual and then you meet the
other women who are also doing then let
me let me be clear so to give an example
if you started studying a language like
Korean my point is not that you would do
that in order meet Korean women my point
is if you're a white man you can meet
other white people who are studying that
language who have common interests
that's what's really powerful not saying
anything against you can learn Korean
and find a Korean girlfriend of course
but in terms of women talking about is
you have an interest and you meet other
people pursuing that same interest you
know then likewise with the charity work
I'm not saying use handout sacks of rice
to starving people and then you start
dating the starving people you're
handing sacks of rice dude no I'm saying
you meet other people who are in that
line of work for volunteering for
cheerier who have those common interests
you know whatever it is to make the
world a better place to do something
meaningful
it's not gonna be Xbox guys it's it's
it's not gonna be PlayStation 4
that's not you know no and if it is no
but if it is if it is what does that say
about you and how worthless is your
whole life and what path does that take
unit so what you're the guy who really
waited so then then you're the guy who's
cruising PlayStation for ho-bags that's
the guy that's the guy you become you
become the guy who date's the the ps4
girls really it's the sea
but that's to me that's totally
different to me that's totally different
that's not that's not PlayStation okay
wait okay okay
so I agree to some extent I agree if
you're a programmer if you're an
illustrator if you're part of making
video games you're part of marketing
video games if if you're doing something
productive yes then maybe you're gonna
meet a woman who's also in that Lane
sure but as a consumer I would say no I
would say met a boyfriend on World of
Warcraft yeah I think yeah you might
have maybe not maybe she didn't meet
anybody no no no no no no look I mean
look in this world nothing is impossible
there exceptions to every rule these
generalizations yeah I find the
generalizations offered by based Zeus
shockingly bad advice for exactly his
audience you know these young men
telling them talk to complete strangers
you have nothing in common with just
talk about whatever's on your mind talk
about whatever is interesting to you I
think this is an absolutely terrible
approach and it's also passive because
you're talking to young men
I don't know how young but we're talking
like 13 to 23 I think here like maximum
age it's hard to imagine 25 real guys
sitting I'm taking this advice more time
really talking to virgins I think you
also gotta say to these kids you got to
step up and develop your interests you
have to have the specialized interests
they're going to create meaningful
relationships in your life and
meaningful relationships with women are
only one type of meaningful relationship
what is the kind of work whether it's a
hobby or a passion or charity work
that's gonna give you meaningful
colleagues and contemporaries it's gonna
lead to those kinds of meaningful
relations and then you will get laid and
you'll get laid in a mean--the way and
some that could be a 1x thing I'm not
saying all your relationships are gonna
be long-term I'm not saying that either
like you're involved with charity work
or linguistics research or something
meaningful something
passion about something or even you know
business interests right and you meet
another woman who shares that interest
with you and she's catching your vibe
and you're catching hers maybe it isn't
one nightstand maybe it doesn't go
anywhere past that maybe that's warm and
meaningful and memorable for you for the
rest of your life that one night when
you met with that person but obviously
when you're meeting people on the basis
of really meaningful common interests at
least the door is open to the
possibility of long-term relationships
and again if you're putting yourself in
that scenario because again this look
there's nothing wrong with the gym but
let's say your guy just works the gym
why are you even assuming these girls
are single what percentage of
good-looking women you hit on at the gym
are really single and then if they're
not single if they have a boyfriend and
they go home with you for a one-night
stand anyway who are you and who do you
become and that self-selecting minority
of women that category you're working
without even realizing it by putting
yourself in that situation by working
that angle which is what beast Zeus and
some of the other pickup artists you
know put out for ya I mean that exists
you know I'm not even here to judge I'm
just here to say like as a young man I
might I think the young man might not
realize what a bad choice that is
because every step of that path is
clearly and explicitly linked to sex
whereas the kind of path I'm discussing
which is basically pick almost any
meaningful interest and work on that
like you know what I mean you get
obsessed about the history of okay u.s.
Civil War start going to the u.s. Civil
War or recreations you start you know
you get interested in you could throw a
dart at the map you know human rights
Tribunal's following after you know the
collapse of apartheid in South Africa
anything you start doing meaningful
reading and meaningful writing and going
to meaningful place doing needful things
and you're gonna meet women you're gonna
meet members of the opposite sex or the
same sex that's you're into where
there's some kind of meaningful spark
and also meeting people advance over the
Internet
you know they're interested in you you
know what you have in common and you
know whether or not they're single or
what the situation is it's such a
totally different thing and like we
mentioned this issue of owning a fancy
car earlier whoops I think the fancy car
thing I think it's like obsolete you
know what I mean
fancy if you want to go if you want to
drive fast you know you know if you need
a car to haul a boat which I think some
of these people don't excel these people
they need to buy expensive cars so they
can so they can tow their yacht exactly
that's why they need expensive car but
an expensive car to meet women to meet
women and what kind of woman are you
gonna meet I think there there still are
some women who will see an expensive car
and get into bed with a guy straight off
the sidewalk is that the kind of man you
want to become you want to become the
man who chases those women and even then
what does your perception of women
become because there's this
self-reinforcing self-selecting loop I
wouldn't exactly call it misogyny where
that's the only kind of woman you know
the only kind of women you interact with
and it's the only kind of woman you
pursue even if you weren't aware but
that's what your pursue that's a wrap
based deuce I'm delighted that you're
vegans but we got nothing else in case